New toc organization (#4251)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/tool-index.mdx

      href="/docs/guides/transpile"
      analyticsName="Tools index page: transpiler"
      linkText="Read the guide"
    />

    <Card
      title="Dynamic circuits"
      description="Dynamic circuits are powerful tools for measuring qubits in the middle of a quantum circuit execution - and based on the outcome of those mid-circuit measurements, you can then perform classical logic operations within the circuit. Some common uses cases include efficient quantum state preparation, long-range entanglement, and sampling of instantaneous quantum polynomial-like circuits. "
      href="/docs/guides/classical-feedforward-and-control-flow"
      analyticsName="Tools index page: Dynamic circuits"
      linkText="Read the guide"
    />

    <Card
      title="Operator backpropagation (OBP)"

>       description="This Qiskit addon utilizes a technique to reduce circuit depth by trimming operations from its end at the cost of more operator measurements. However, this increased cost can be lessened by dropping operators with small coefficients, which don't contribute much to the final estimation. You could experiment with coupling this alongside the AQC-Tensor addon for even lower circuit depths."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description="This Qiskit addon utilizes a technique to reduce circuit depth by trimming operations from its end at the cost of more operator measurements. However, this increased cost can be lessened by dropping operators with small coefficients, which don't contribute much to the final estimation."
```

      href="/docs/guides/get-started-with-primitives"
      analyticsName="Tools index page: Primitives"
      linkText="Visit the primitives guides"
    />

    <Card
      title="Execution modes"
      description="Explore the different execution modes - scheduling strategies for execution - when building quantum workloads, to determine which one is most efficient for a specific workload. Batch mode is a multi-job manager for efficiently running experiments comprising multi-job workloads, and session mode is a dedicated window for running a multi-job workload. (Open Plan instances cannot run in session mode.)"
      href="/docs/guides/execution-modes"
      analyticsName="Tools index page: Execution modes"
      linkText="Visit the execution modes guides"
    />

    <Card
      title="Directed execution model"

>       description="Executor allows you to fine-tune error mitigation and other techniques without sacrificing performance, by providing the ingredients to capture design intents on the client-side, and shifting the costly generation of circuit variants to the server-side. With Executor, users will gain a clearer and more composable model for execution workflows, making it easier to experiment with new techniques, reproduce results, and share methods."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description="Executor allows you to fine-tune error mitigation and other techniques without sacrificing performance, by providing the ingredients to capture design intents on the client-side, and shifting the costly generation of circuit variants to the server-side."
```

      href="/docs/guides/qiskit-addons-sqd"
      analyticsName="Tools index page: SQD"
      linkText="Read the guide"
    />

    <Card
      title="SQD for HPC"
      description="This HPC-ready implementation of the SQD addon is written in modern C++17 standards and is designed to create a single compiled binary for use with MPI.  This library builds upon existing interfaces in the C++ standard template library (STL)."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-sqd-hpc/"
      analyticsName="Tools index page: SQD for HPC"
      linkText="Browse the GitHub documentation"
    />

    <Card
      title="Multi-product formulas (MPF)"
      description="This Qiskit addon post-processes workloads that simulate the time evolution of a quantum system. The MPF tool will ingest data such as the number of Trotter steps to prepare and solve an associated system of linear equations, which can then be used to refine the expectation-value measurements of a time-evolved state."
      href="/docs/guides/qiskit-addons-mpf"
      analyticsName="Tools index page:MPF"
      linkText="Read the guide"
    />

    <Card
      title="Measurement post-selection"

>       description="The noise models produced by `NoiseLearner` might not be accurate for Heron backends due to non-Markovian noise on these devices. An internal study has shown this can be alleviated with measurement-based post-selection. This technique adds a series of RX gates followed by a measurement to the circuit, and in post-processing throws away the bad bitstrings. Implement with the Qiskit addon utilities package, or with `NoiseLearnerV3`. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description="The noise models produced by `NoiseLearner` might not be accurate for some Heron backends due to non-Markovian noise on these devices. This can be alleviated with measurement-based post-selection. The technique adds a series of RX gates followed by a measurement to the circuit, and in post-processing throws away the bad bitstrings. Implement this with the Qiskit addon utilities package, or with `NoiseLearnerV3`. "
```

</details>

**Relevant resources**

- [Overview of OBP addon](/docs/guides/qiskit-addons-obp)
- [Get started with OBP](/docs/guides/qiskit-addons-obp-get-started)
- [Tutorial on OBP](/docs/tutorials/operator-back-propagation)

## Debug

### Noisy estimator analyzer tool

<details>
<summary>Gauge the expected performance of quantum workloads</summary>

The noisy estimator analyzer tool (NEAT) analyzes and predicts the performance of your queries when you are gauging the expected performance of estimator-based workloads. It uses Qiskit Aer to simulate the estimation task classically and efficiently, either exactly or in the presence of noise, and can also convert your Primitive Unified Blocs (PUBs) into Cliffordized circuits.
</details>

**Relevant resources**

- [Analyze a Qiskit Runtime job using NEAT](/docs/guides/debug-qiskit-runtime-jobs)
- [NEAT API reference page](/docs/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/debug-tools-neat)

> ### Local testing mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Qiskit Runtime local testing mode
```

</details>

**Relevant resources**

- [Primitive inputs and outputs](/docs/guides/primitive-input-output)
- [Introduction to the primitive options](/docs/guides/runtime-options-overview)
- [Primitives examples](/docs/guides/primitives-examples)
- [Tutorial on combining error mitigation options with Estimator](/docs/tutorials/combine-error-mitigation-techniques)

### Execution modes

<details>
<summary>Efficiently schedule workload execution</summary>

Explore the different execution modes - scheduling strategies for execution - when building quantum workloads, to determine which one is most efficient for a specific workload.
</details>

**Relevant resources**

- [Overview of job, batch, and session modes](/docs/guides/execution-modes)
- [How to choose the right execution mode](/docs/guides/choose-execution-mode)

### Executor primitive

<details>

> <summary>Generate and execute circuit variants based on the input samplex directive</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Generate and execute circuit variants based on directives defined with Samplomatic</summary>
```

- [Readout error mitigation for the Sampler primitive using M3](/docs/tutorials/readout-error-mitigation-sampler)

<span id="tool-index-pec"></span>

### Probabilistic error cancellation (PEC)

<details>
<summary>Mitigate errors by statistically canceling noise, resulting in an unbiased expectation value at the expense of greater overhead</summary>

This error mitigation technique returns an unbiased estimate of the expectation value, at the expense of greater overhead than other techniques such as ZNE. It reproduces the output of the ideal circuit by executing different noisy circuit instances drawn from a random ensemble defined by the linear combination. The Qiskit Runtime Estimator primitive has built-in support for PEC, which you can enable through the Estimator option.
</details>

**Relevant resources**

- [Explanation of PEC](/docs/guides/error-mitigation-and-suppression-techniques#probabilistic-error-cancellation-pec)
- [API reference for PEC options](/docs/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/options-pec-options)

### Zero-noise extrapolation (ZNE)

<details>
<summary>Mitigate errors by amplifying noise and extrapolating corrected expectation values</summary>

> This error mitigation technique first computes the expectation value at different noise levels, then estimates the ideal result by extrapolating the noisy expectation value results to the zero-noise limit. Since this can be done in multiple ways, a number of noise amplification and extrapolation techniques are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error mitigation technique first computes the expectation value at different noise levels, then estimates the ideal result by extrapolating the noisy expectation value results to the zero-noise limit. Since this can be done in multiple ways, a number of noise amplification and extrapolation techniques are available.

#### Gate folding-based ZNE
Gate folding is a noise amplification process that replaces two-qubit gates with equivalent sequences of two-qubit gates and their inverses. This approach is straightforward and simple to use, but can be imperfect.

#### Probabilistic error amplification

Probabilistic error amplification (PEA) is a more sophisticated means of amplifying errors for ZNE. It involves running preliminary experiments to learn a twirled noise model of the circuit, and then uses this model to perform a more accurate error amplification. 

**Relevant resources**

- [PEA overview](/docs/guides/error-mitigation-and-suppression-techniques#probabilistic-error-amplification-pea)
- [API reference for `LayerNoiseLearningOptions`](/docs/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/options-layer-noise-learning-options)
- [API reference for `NoiseLearner`](/docs/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/noise-learner-noise-learner)
```

So both gate-folding and PEA are what I'd consider sub-topics within ZNE. They both link out to nearly the same places so I think we should wrap them up together in the same `<details>` section.

</details>

**Relevant resources**

- [Qiskit Runtime primitive options for ZNE](/docs/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/options-zne-options)
- [Introduction to ZNE](/docs/guides/error-mitigation-and-suppression-techniques#zero-noise-extrapolation-zne)
- [Error mitigation feature compatibility](/docs/guides/runtime-options-overview#feature-compatibility)

> - [ArXiv white paper on best practices for digital ZNE](https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.05203)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

- [Tutorial using MPF to reduce Trotter error](/docs/tutorials/multi-product-formula)

### Measurement post-selection

<details>
<summary>Refine samples by post-selecting known "bad" bitstrings</summary>

The noise models produced by `NoiseLearner` might not be accurate for Heron backends due to non-Markovian noise on these devices. An internal study has shown this can be alleviated with measurement-based post-selection. This technique adds a series of RX gates followed by a measurement to the circuit, and in post-processing throws away the "bad" bitstrings. The Qiskit addon utilities package contains functionalities to implement this technique, and `NoiseLearnerV3` also has built-in support. 
</details>

**Relevant resources**

- [API reference for post-selection utilities](/docs/api/qiskit-addon-utils/noise-management)
- [API reference for post-selection transpiler passes](/docs/api/qiskit-addon-utils/noise-management-post-selection-transpiler-passes)
- [API reference for `NoiseLearnerV3`](https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-ibm-runtime/apidocs/noise_learner_v3.html)

## Qiskit Functions

### Algorithmiq Tensor-Network Error Mitigation Function

> <details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
<summary> Qiskit Function for error mitigation based on tensor-network methods </summary>
```

</details>

**Relevant resources**

- [Overview of the TEM Qiskit Function](/docs/guides/algorithmiq-tem)

### Q-CTRL Performance Management Function

<details>
This Qiskit Function uses AI-powered error suppression and mitigation techniques, and is agnostic to the type of workload being executed.
</details>

Relevant docs links:

- [Overview of Q-CTRL Performance Management](/docs/guides/q-ctrl-performance-management)
- [Tutorial using Performance Management for TFIM](/docs/tutorials/transverse-field-ising-model)
- [Tutorial using Performance Management for QPE](/docs/tutorials/quantum-phase-estimation-qctrl)

### QEDMA Qiskit Function QESEM

<details>
The QESEM Qiskit Function by QEDMA uses a suite of proprietary error mitigation techniques to improve the results of your workload. These techniques include gate optimization, noise-aware transpilation, error suppression, and unbiased error mitigation.
</details>

**Relevant resources**

- [Overview of QESEM Function](/docs/guides/kipu-optimization)
- [Simulate 2D tilted-field Ising with the QESEM function](/docs/tutorials/qedma-2d-ising-with-qesem)

### Iskay Quantum Optimizer

> <details>

Reviewer: Remove `<details>`
